the youtube staff rodrigues technician
It was to bring more people to you today
will have a test camera that the galaxy 12
the first show the layout after I
and all the functions
she may have
in fact all is not because in beauty
road of the panorama all this is for sure
would make a video of ten minute cameras
and an idea is to show the quality of
images
the video quality of both the front and
a rear is video image of them two
because it is what most folks is based
but I'll show you the layout of the
camera
basically how tidy you're put
here it comes
so we have on the left side there we
we have the gear that shows all the
settings which is what the camera has
there to offer in the case the size of the photo
with the rear here you can put
2516 by 1932 than 5 megapixels 4 per
three and three dots 9h pixels 2060 with
1,015 36 5 by 3 to 1 as it is 4 by 3
the galley of the lips
the photo is stay this way then the 3.9
megapixels is the best indication there for
photos you use any way you want
we have 3 173 points 12.05 will we
we have here iso is that there is something that you
you must configure your form also
measuring mode a matrix point between the
powerful can lose a powerful being
face that gave center measurement mode
weighted matrix is okay and actually point
I do not have much knowledge about
camera pardoned and if I fatal touch for
take pictures or can not be touched
hd video size certainty and 24 years of
pesd 40 tá hdmi vga to watch and 16 per
new in hd and four by 34 for three
so hd is always going to be better in both
Quality and size is okay.
we're calling video showed mode
normal recording output ms effect is
we have for the purposes here sindsep
negative
let's go back here it 's flash off or
no and timer you have to 2 5 and
seconds here you have the active flash no
Automatically activates the front and
show that's something I'm ugly
ramesh
bean and it has some functions here
there is also the front here we have 2
megapixel 1,120,393 resolutions that
You see in the image here with video you
You can only kiss the thá and four for
three go back to work less
thousand here for you okay
here you record while you record
you can pause the video save and take photo
so you have these settings and and
we have other configurations between
sport panorama so now let's go to the
photos and videos, then stay with the
edge song but do not sign up
where they do not forget at the end of the video
subscribing to the channel gives a
video sharing your little friends and
surely right is the well over a thousand
videos available here on the channel